All right, so we're gonna keep going
with the creation of the cartItems.
Number four is gonna be,
convert the cartItems into orderItems.
So what we'll do here is, we'll loop over the cartItems
that are in the user's cart and make a new object,
basically copying all the values from it.
So we'll say const orderItems is equal to,
and right here we're not actually gonna be creating
the Keystone API just yet,
we're just gonna be making a bunch of objects
that will parse to the Keystone API.
So, we take the cartItems,
and we map over them.
And for each cartItem that we have,
we want to return an object.
So in here, I'll just put curly brackets
and we'll say const orderItem is equal to an object
where we have the name is cartItem.product.name.
The description,
the price,
the quantity,
is going to not be on the product itself.
That's on the cartItem.
The image is going to be connected to an existing one.
And so this is how you make a relationship
is connect where the Id
is equal to the cartItem.product.photo.Id.
And then the user is going to connect
to the Id of the userId, right?
We made that variable little
at the very top of this function.
So now we should have an array.
Oh, we got to return the orderItem from here.
And we probably could have just turned returned
in front of this but I like to do it this way.
Now we have an array of all these actual items.
We need to create the order and return it.
So say a const order is equal to
await context.lists capital -O-.Order.createOne.
And the data that we pass to that is total
is going to be charged.amount.
So, we are pulling the amount
straight off the actual charge.
That way we are 100% sure that that is the amount
that was charged to their credit card.
It should be the same as the amount of variable,
but just in case anything weird ever happened,
it will 100% line up with the credit card.
The charge is going to be the charge.Id.
That comes back.
The items, now this is kind of cool,
you can create a orderItems right from this.
So here we are creating an order
but it's going to have a relationship to many items
and you can actually just give it an array
of orderItems to create
and it will then go ahead and make those first
before it does this.
And it's all in one single API.
We didn't have to create them and come back with Ids.
We just do it in one swoop.
And then the user of this order is the same Id.
We're gonna connect it to where the Id
is the user Id, lower case D on that.
Then we, let's put ourselves a little six clean
up any old cart items.
So we will const cartItem Ids is equal to
cartItems.map.
We'll look at the cartItem
and just return the cartItem.Id
And then we'll delete them.
So we'll await context.lists.cartItem.deleteMany.
And then that expects us to pass a read only string array
of strings, which is Ids.
So we'll pass it.
The Ids
which is we already created that remember cardItemId.
So that's right here, cartItemIds.
So that will delete all the existing cart items.
Finally, finally, finally, we can return the order, right?
The order that we just created right here
we can go ahead and return it to the user.
So if we did it right, and it's very unlikely
(chuckles)
what should happen is we should create the order items
the actual order itself, we should delete the cart items
and return the order to the user.
If that works, then we'll flip
onto the frontend and change the user
to a different page based on which order they have.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves, any it too, too much.
So I've got to reboot this whole thing.
All right, I'm going to go to my cart.
And put in my credit card number.
Cross your fingers.
Clear it.
Dev tools.
Go ahead and check out.
(arg)
Something happened.
Okay. That's fine.
Let's read error
variable data got undefined, invalid value name, data
field type image is not defined by orderItem.
Create input.
Let's take a look.
So I am creating an order item right here.
And it's telling me, order item does not have a field image.
So let's go to our orderItem.
Did we call it photo?
Yeah, we did.
We did Wes Wes Wes, Wes Wes Wes
Wes Wes Wes Wes.
Let's try call it photo
And let's try it again.
I guess we've got to reboot.
Our backend items are still in the cart.
Fill it out.
Cross your fingers for a second time.
Boom, boom, boom.
Boom.Another one.
Th the de field user is not defined by order, correct?
I am.
Oh, we don't have a user field on here.
You know what?
That's fine.
We don't actually need the user on the order item
because the order item will be connected to an order, which
in turn has access to the user.
So let's get rid of that.
That was something that I removed because I thought it
was unnecessary.
So again, this is, this is real world folks.
You just cross your fingers and 14 times in you, you get it.
And you can see that the error is showing up here as well.
If you wanted, you could catch these errors
and convert them into something
that would be a little bit more human readable.
Okay. This is running checkout.
We're going to do it this time folks. This is it.
I can feel it
uuuuu
We did.
We did it.
We did it finish the order.
There's the data inside of that.
There's the checkout.
And there is the Id of the order.
If we go into our Keystone backend
and take a look at our orders, now, there it is.
You see, look at the charge is this is actually coming back
from Stripe's API and I can click through to it
and see the items that are in that specific order.
And then also we should be able to go to our payments page
and see there we go there's the order that was just created.
And then finally, we should be able
this can be closed, obviously.
And if I refresh this page, there is nothing in my cart.
Although it still says 12, 12 items in my cart.
Oh, I think I know why that is.
I think I know why that is.
We'll cover that in the next video
but that is the basics of getting our order up and running.
Now we've got to flip back once more
to the frontend and finish up
a few more of these little house keeping things.
So everything looks a okay.